what happened by your foreword Becky
search continues for for inmates who's
in federal custody this morning
noria say the men are armed and
extremely dangerous
let's go swimming know when you wait a
second what is she doing here you let
her walk all over you she's 13
Jeff this gentleman lost his dog okay
well why don't you give us your number
dog as a rod one purebred or as the
Germans call them or violent Metzger
ones that's why you never let them meet
with other breeds you get the worst of
both okay I think it's time for you to
go I'm looking for a key it has this
symbol engraved on it you seen it
no all that leaves a little Becky
where's Becky wait wait he's gonna hold
your dad still I heard him I'm not gonna
let them get away with this
[Music]
she was very very good when she was bad
she was horrid
[Music]
what was the point of all of this work
II trust much more than that
you're clearly a special girl I don't
want to have to hurt you
but I do want to hurt you
[Music]
you